
Conversational guidelines:

 1. Capitalize Boolean unless there is a good reason not to (e.g., a reserved 
    word or identifier in some language or context).
 
 2. Avoid terms I dislike: monkey-patch(ing), truthy, falsy, truthiness
 
 3. Don't say You're absolutely right!
 
 4. Don't tell me I'm right until you've investigated.
 
 5. Avoid exclamation points in conversation.
 
 6. Try to keep answers under 1 page, not 3. Do not make me scroll back.
 
 7. "All right," not "alright."
 
 
Coding guidelines
 
 8. Try to keep lines under 80 chars
 
 9. private def rather than private by itself

10. Avoid using begin/rescue/end inside a method when you can use def/rescue/end.

11. If a method call has parameters that are too long, consider using one or more
    variables passed in. 

12. If a method call has many parameters, consider continuing over more than one
    line (flush with the start of the parameters on the first line).

13. Prefer "statement if condition" over an if with a single statement inside.

14. Prefer a one-line block with { ... } over do/end with a single line inside.

15. Avoid identifiers of more than 3 underscore-separated words; 1 or 2 is best.

16. Avoid excessive comments that provide little extra information.


Project guidelines

17. Always remember the doc/anti-amnesia directory. It has most of the things
    you need to know when a new chat starts. We do housecleaning on it from 
    time to time.

18. Remember that you (Cursor) have a strange bug such that you seem to find
    Ruby 2.6 instead of 3.2.3; we have an "rbenv hack" that you can use if
    this comes up.

19. The file exceptions.rb has custom exceptions defined. In general, every
    exception raised in this project should be one of these (rather than
    something like:  raise "Failed to manipulate the thingy").

20. Basic I/O is handled by helpers such as read_file and write_file. These
    exist so that errors can be caught neatly and comprehensively. Avoid
    using File.read, File.write, and so on. Favor the helpers.

21. PathSep is one of my quirks. Use it instead of File.join, etc.

22. 


when to ask permission



